that keep us fitting at the dick like
this toothpaste the nuts i'm back in my
cozy in my new chase still trying to
catch up but it's too late I just met
two girls in a took a one I met
her on myspace and she and out a friend
like the country while I'm twisting up
my chronic like I'm on trade she wanted
me to get her body back na sake
you're what to do YouTube right here
we're going to kick off the battles of
2011 right way you got to 2003 this is
neither 2011 mr. 2003 cement 3 and you
got to throwing back a three from last
year but the white cement 3 you gots a
white leather it stumbled got your
little preparations along the ice
staying around the back got a smooth
white leather mid portion of the uppers
got your elephant print on the front and
rear you gots a white midsole with a hit
him with a hit of black in the pack got
to jump man air and black got the red
plastic around the ice days you got
white in the middle of it and you got
black at the top got some Reds up man
got your fire red it's on and you got to
read in Seoul black jump man on the
inside smooth white guts
get to the doernbecher got some varsity
red uppers got the laser design in there
says cold and you made it 3m got varsity
red elephant print running back got your
black on the upper portion of the
midsole and you got metallic silver on
the lower i also have a red air unit I
like the flakes in the midsole really
filling that part about it you got your
black 3m on the uppers black laces got
metallic silver in the ice days then
it's black and it goes back to metallic
silver you got some metallic sock liner
as well as the jumpman air and soul says
courage and strength red and soul white
lettering strength is in black I believe
and you got some metallic jumpman got so
I see solo knees with the red Jordan you
got the red Jordan on ease with another
hit of red at the front you're great in
your white
so between these two what takes the cake
you want to stay classic or you want to
be new school and loud
I said for me today let me know what you
got in the comment box below also wanted
to point out if you have any questions
about soothes and I was for sale like
any questions at all if you need to know
if something is real that you're looking
at are you trying to find a better site
to look for shoes that or whatever the
case may be if it involved shoes feel
free to hit any one of us up out of the
Commission the email is the Commission
TV ad gmail com